Docs for re-register, and node+delegator (#220)
onflow/flow: docs/content/staking/locked-staking-guide.mdx

and attaches a `NodeStakerProxy` capability to the `TokenHolder` resource. 
This capability can later be used to perform staking actions.

> Once an account has registered as a staker with one node, they cannot register any additional. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an account has registered as a staker with one node, they cannot register any additional nodes.
```

and transfer their locked tokens to the new account by requesting authorization from the token admin.

We plan on adding functionality in the future to allow accounts to stake to multiple nodes.

## Delegate from the Same Account

> An account who registers a node with locked tokens can also register a delegator in the same account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An account that registers a node with locked FLOW can also register as delegator from the same account. 
```

> See the Locked Delegation Guide for how to register a delegator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Locked Delegation Guide](../locked-delegation-guide) for how to register a delegator.
```
